hello, I'm from stitch dotcom and
this is the driver's cabin
but in the back we're in
the back of the train d
the espresso of the robla
that have left me a little bit to approach
a little bit so they can see it to see it
and look how beautiful the views
and an open window
the colors
we have stopped at this party that all
but mouth
mystical of your prettiest
Nothing here that he will not do with
much more then scolds me
from the driver's cabin of the
back of the train evidently the
real machinist in the part
front is the back but
then a little bit to
after
It was very nice traveling with her
good
a little
as defined from a lot of
videos shot in my position today with
miss panama and his prepared for for
cold winter
that is to have left favorite 90 the
imágentes hope you like this vision
so pretty more than paradísimo going and
back and forth are 35 euros or so
that you can do that is 10 hours of
train for 35 euros cheaper impossible
I am the point with respect to clothes
a little
and there he goes screaming